Update sockets-overview.md (#30883)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/networking/sockets/sockets-overview.md

The <xref:System.Net.Sockets> namespace contains a managed, cross-platform socket networking implementation. All other network-access classes in the <xref:System.Net> namespace are built on top of this implementation of sockets.

> The <xref:System.Net.Sockets.Socket> class is a managed-code version of the socket services provided relying on native interoperability with either Unix or Windows. In most cases, the `Socket` class methods simply marshal data into their native counterparts and handle any necessary security checks.

Author: ```suggestion
The <xref:System.Net.Sockets.Socket> class is a managed-code version of the socket services provided relying on native interoperability with Linux, macOS, or Windows. In most cases, the `Socket` class methods simply marshal data into their native counterparts and handle any necessary security checks.
```
